Cleanup docs about runners (#3875)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/docs/runner/profiles.mdx

  ecs                          | aws-ecs     | hashicorp/waypoint-odr:latest |
```

## Runner Configuration

It may be necessary to add the configuration (environment variables or files) to an
on-demand runners. The best way is to use runner config via
the `waypoint config -runner`, detailed [here](/docs/runner/config). These
configuration variables will be available to any on-demand runner.

### Static environment variables

If you need environment variables that are scoped to a specific runner profile,
rather than every runner, you can use the `-env-vars` flag of 
`waypoint runner profile set`, i.e.:

```shell-session
$ waypoint runner profile set -name=kubernetes -env-vars="MODE=WAYPOINT_ODR" -env-vars="FOO=BAR" -plugin-type=kubernetes
```

This can be useful to configure the behavior of a custom runner image with multiple
modes of operation, for example.

### OCI URL

> It may be necessary to change the runner profile OCI url. This can be used to upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be necessary to change the runner profile OCI URL. This can be used to upgrade
```

or downgrade the version of the ODR image, or switch to a custom image that contains 
custom tools or behavior.

> Below is an example of switching the odr image to a prerelease alpha version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of switching the ODR image to a pre-release alpha version of
```
